docs: update node loss handling instructions (#17790)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Ceph-CSI/csi-configuration.md

    deployCsiAddons: true
```

## Network Fencing

Network fencing requires:

> 1. Deploy CSI-Addons sidecar and controller. Now set `deployCsiAddons` on `OperatorConfig` or `Driver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable the CSI-Addons sidecar by setting `deployCsiAddons: true` on the OperatorConfig (applies to all drivers) or on the individual Driver CR. The CSI-Addons controller must also be deployed separately.
```

> 1. Enable the CSI-Addons sidecar by setting `deployCsiAddons: true` on the OperatorConfig (applies to all drivers) or on the individual Driver CR. The CSI-Addons controller must also be deployed separately.

Reviewer 2: If fencing is commonly only desired for RBD, how about if we just keep the documentation simple and only tell them to apply the setting to the Drivers CR? While it is true that the setting can be applied to the OperatorConfig CR, it's nice for simplicity to keep the example on a single CR.
```suggestion
1. Enable the [CSI-Addons controller](ceph-csi-drivers.md#csi-addons-controller).
2. Enable the CSI-Addons sidecar by setting `deployCsiAddons: true` on the RBD Driver. 
```

> 2. Set `enableFencing` to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set `enableFencing` to `true` in `Driver` CR
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Set `enableFencing` to `true` on the RBD `Driver`
```
